General shift update of 1/1/25
corteva dhamandevi - TT raised to GTPL. Link is restored. Rfo is fiber cut at field near distribution end.
Gingee -   ETR is tomorrow first half.
Kongarapalyam - WAN link is down. ETR is tomorrow first half.
Fatikgachi- WAN link was down. Informed to ISP. Now the link is restored.
Raniganj - FLT is done. Link os restored.
Rajankunte(old case) - RFO is sent to expereo 
Autoliv fejabad - RFO is sent to expereo.
Araria - Escalated to Mehul Sir as Isp was not giving any update about the link. Mehul talked to ISP and confirmed that it will take 3 to 4 days to restore the link.General shift update.

Second shift update 2/1/25
Paranpur - FLT is done. Link is restored.
CCNA 2 VIDEOS.

Second shift update 4/1/5
 Keshiyari - FLT is done. Link is restored.
 Nabinagar - FLT is done. Link is restored.
 Raniganj - After FLT sim link is restored. Mailed to INEXT for wan link.
 Dogachia - FLT is done. Link is restored.
 Tyor burjung- FLT is done. Link is restored.

General shift update 6/1/5
Corteva dhamandevi-  Taken update from gtpl and shared it with expereo. The link is restored. Asked reason for fiber cut with gtpl.
Hanigur - FLT is done. Link is restored.
Gopiganj - WAN link is down. Informed to ISP Inext.
Nethanhalli- About WAN link informed to ISP. Later link is restored.

General shift update 7/1/5
Dahod - After FLT also the link was down. Informed to ISP. It was fiber cut issue. Now the link is restored also informed to NOC with mail.
Lunawada - FLT is done. Link is restored.
Gopiganj - ISP restored the link.
Araria and Raniganj - ISP informed that whole BSNL cable is fault in town and it is difficult to restore it in a day.
Transad - The new device reached the branch. I have asked LPOC to connect the cable to new device. Now the link is working.
Corteva dhamandevi - As link was down again. I have provided the ETR to Expereo. Later Mehul and Rohit Sir continued this case.

Second shift update 8/1/25
Kongarapalyam - FLT is done. Link is restored.
BamanwasAlwar - FLT is done. Link is restored.
Parganas - FLT is done. Link is restored.
Nilgiris - FLT is done. Link is restored.
South africa to new delhi - Delta communication mailed that link is down. Login to firewall and checked that no problem in the link. WAN ip is also pinging. Same conveyed to client. Delta asked for client LAN status so shared the lan ip ping report to the client.

General shift update 9/1/2025
Irruppu - FLT is done. Link is restored.
Jaipur Fiber - Received a service degradation mail from expereo. Informed to ISP Raagsa communication. Shared the ping snapshot from firewall. Isp will check it.

First shift update 12/1/2025
Corteva Jaipur - Rfo provided to Expereo.
God-pune fiber - TT raised to TCL. Link is restored and RFO will be shared in 24 hours.

General shift update 14/1/2025

Raniganj - FLT is done. Link is restored.
Rudrapurnew2409  - FLT is done. Link is restored. 
God pune - After FLT Link is restored.
Temple Chennai- TT raised to nivid telecom. Link is restored and asked for rfo.

Night shift update 19/1/2025
No mails.
